SP-5018-asg-execute-command (#48)
stackpulse/playbooks: aws/asg-execute-command/README.md

# AWS Auto Scaling Group Execute Command

<img src="../../images/aws.svg" width="150">

![service](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=service&message=AWS&style=flat&logo=AWS&color=FF9900)
![uses-slack](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=uses&message=Slack&style=flat&logo=slack&color=4A154B)

[![Import to StackPulse](../../images/open_in_stackpulse.svg)](https://app.stackpulse.io/playbook/create?tab=playbook#https://github.com/stackpulse/playbooks/blob/master/aws/asg-execute-command/playbook.yaml)

> This playbook execute command for given AWS Auto Scaling Group and and verify it's health

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook executes a command on each instance of an AWS Auto Scaling Group and and then verifies its health.
```
